# Materials Testing Imaging
## Samples and Labs on HDP

This is a set of labs related to the Hortonworks Community Connection article {toDo: Add link here}.

## Project Contents
There are several sets of files included:
* XML template files for NiFi
* CSV files representing sample data created by a piece of manufacturing testing equipment, such as a photomicroscopic imager or electron microscope. These files contain image metadata related to the equipment, but no direct reference to the images (as is tha case with many types of lab equipment).
* JPG files representing those generated by photographic quality testing equipment. These files are replicated by the setup scripts to create a test set.
* JSON schema definition files for Hortonworks Schema Registry, used to validate and parse the CSV files.
* DDL/SQL files to create HBase tables and Hive tables 
* Shell scripts
    * load-schemas.sh: Loads schema definitions to Schema Registry
    * mk-image.sh: Create folders for imaging, populated based on sample JPGs and CSV metadata
    * build-sources.sh: Use mk-image.sh to generate full sample set and set up file dependencies for NiFi (must be run on a node with HDF and HDP NameNode installed)
    * copy-files.sh: Copy image sources and control files from a local machine to a remote machine. Utility not needed if the project is git cloned on a machine in the cluster where NiFi and at least an HDP namenode is running.
* JSON file for Imaging Zeppelin notebook with Hive, Hbase and direct HDFS examples.
    
Consult the article for details and examples of how to run the labs. 

## To-do Items
- [ ] Add visualization for features identified in images
- [ ] Add TensorFlow to analyze images
- [ ] Clean up Zeppelin visualizations and search interfaces
- [ ] Storing microscopy data in HDF5/USID Schema to make it available for analysis using standard libraries

## License
Project content is licensed under GNU AFFERO GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 3 except where original licenses such as ASF or GPL apply to source material as noted.